New Resource: aws_route53_vpc_association_authorization (#14215)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/r/route53_vpc_association_authorization.html.markdown

provider "aws" {
}

provider "aws" {
  alias = "alternate"
}

resource "aws_vpc" "example" {
  cidr_block           = "10.6.0.0/16"
  enable_dns_hostnames = true
  enable_dns_support   = true
}

resource "aws_route53_zone" "example" {
  name = "example.com"
  vpc {
    vpc_id = "${aws_vpc.example.id}"
  }
}

resource "aws_vpc" "alternate" {
  provider             = "aws.alternate"
  cidr_block           = "10.7.0.0/16"
  enable_dns_hostnames = true
  enable_dns_support   = true
}

resource "aws_route53_vpc_association_authorization" "example" {
  zone_id = "${aws_route53_zone.example.id}"
  vpc_id  = "${aws_vpc.alternate.id}"
}

resource "aws_route53_zone_association" "alternate" {
  provider = "aws.alternate"
  zone_id  = "${aws_route53_zone.example.zone_id}"
  vpc_id   = "${aws_vpc.alternate.id}"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `zone_id` - (Required) The ID of the private hosted zone that you want to authorize associating a VPC with.
* `vpc_id` - (Required) The VPC to authorize for association with the private hosted zone.
* `vpc_region` - (Optional) The VPC's region. Defaults to the region of the AWS provider.

## Attributes Reference

> The following attributes are exported:
> 
> * `id` - The calculated unique identifier for the association.
> * `zone_id` - The ID of the hosted zone for the association.
> * `vpc_id` - The ID of the authorized VPC.
> * `vpc_region` - The region in which the VPC identified by `vpc_id` was created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Hosted Zone Identifier and VPC Identifier, separated by a colon (`:`)
```
